dude you wanted to say something
pavia area lose
gazette
Pedestrian area
I would also like to tell you a little about the cribari paving architects
noted urban barry this time
prohibido access to the hands
say how many parking cars in piazza giulio rode
but this way the pedestrian area however swear. Pedestrian area
by mail of mars
who suffer
it is not known if any twittero comes
I will certainly do it
cars and scooters cannot do
in a few seconds and you will see that there is a coming and going
all the scooters and more
here we stay
embassy in san vincenzo via
opedale 4 on request for friendship requests a little bit all the shops that are
at the bottom of the street
ebay bike without borders xx
funo pedane if it makes me laugh
yesterday at dawn 2
I assure parma wine analysis
now we have seen the promenade look look at how many nights
1 2 3 4 5 6 7 machines in small square 4 prodan
today and what we vote this night trade commerce fights the stores that
they pay exaggerated peaks
everyone speaks exaggerated rents this is the Neapolitan tim pedestrian island here
here compliments to boxers alone to the fashion councilor in particular to ma
even the real citizens here is now I'll show you another passage
jt now another photographer will pass by
here is really really me
FIDS
and then and then I love you talking about soccer and crowns step another look what
you are watching too we try this other
English course
sisi, because he saw that there is a bluetooth camera
the gentle lady while ch'er ber matlab thanks doubt the next
next